Peter Venkman: Egon, this reminds me of the time you tried to drill a hole through your head. You remember that?
Egon Spengler: That would have worked if you hadn't stopped me.

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
Librarian Alice: I don't remember seeing any legs, but it definitely had arms, because it reached out for me.
Ray Stantz: [happily] Arms? I can't wait to get a look at this thing!
Peter Venkman: Alice, I'm going to ask you a couple of standard questions, okay? Have you or any of your family been diagnosed schizophrenic? Mentally incompetent?
Librarian Alice: My uncle thought he was St. Jerome.
Peter Venkman: I'd call that a big yes. Uh, are you habitually using drugs, stimulants, alcohol?
Librarian Alice: No.
Peter Venkman: No, no. Just asking. Are you, Alice, menstruating right now?
Library Administrator: [disturbed] What has that got to do with it?
Peter Venkman: Back off, man. I'm a scientist.

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
Ray Stantz: You know, it's just occurred to me. We really haven't had a successful test of this equipment.
Egon Spengler: I blame myself.
Peter Venkman: So do I.
Ray Stantz: Well, no sense in worrying about it now.
Peter Venkman: Why worry? Each one of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on his back.
Ray Stantz: Yep. Well, let's get ready. Switch me on.
[Egon turns on Ray's proton pack, and he and Peter back away from Ray uneasily]

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[the Ghostbusters cause a chandelier to fall onto a table]
Ray Stantz: I did that. I did that. That's my fault.
Peter Venkman: It's okay, the table broke the fall.
Egon Spengler: There's something very important I forgot to tell you.
Peter Venkman: What?
Egon Spengler: Don't cross the streams.
Peter Venkman: Why?
Egon Spengler: It would be bad.
Peter Venkman: I'm fuzzy on the whole good/bad thing. What do you mean, "bad"?
Egon Spengler: Try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously, and every molecule in your body exploding at the speed of light.
Ray Stantz: [shocked gasp] Total protonic reversal.
Peter Venkman: Right. That's bad. Okay. All right. Important safety tip. Thanks, Egon.

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[The Ghostbusters have just completed a hunt in a hotel]
Peter Venkman: We came, we saw, we kicked its ass!
Hotel Manager: Did you see it? What was it?
Ray Stantz: [holding up the steaming ghost-trap] We got it!
Hotel Manager: What is it? Will there be any more of them?
Ray Stantz: Sir, what you had there was what we referred to as a focused, non-terminal repeating phantasm, or a Class-5 full-roaming vapor. Real nasty one, too.
Peter Venkman: And now... [clears his throat] ...let's talk seriously. Now, for the entrapment, [Spengler holds up four fingers behind the Manager] we're gonna have to ask you for four big ones, $4,000 for that, but we are having a special this week on proton charging and storage of the beast, [Spengler holds up one finger] and that's only going to come to $1,000, fortunately.
Hotel Manager: $5,000? I had no idea it would be so much; I won't pay it.
Peter Venkman: Well, that's all right. We can just put it right back in there.
Ray Stantz: Yeah, we certainly can, Dr. Venkman.
Hotel Manager: No, no, no, no! All right. Anything.
Peter Venkman: [smiling] Thank you.
Ray Stantz: Thank you. Hope we can help you again. [to the hotel guests] Coming through! One Class-5 full-roaming vapor. Move 'em out!

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[an EPA agent Walter Peck is visiting the Ghostbusters]
Peter Venkman: Can I help you?
Walter Peck: I'm Walter Peck, I'm with the Environmental Protection... [Venkman shakes hands with Peck and still has Ectoplasm on his hands] ...Agency, the third district.
Peter Venkman: [wipes the Ectoplasm on Peck's Suit] Great, how's it going down there?
Walter Peck: Are you Peter Venkman?
Peter Venkman: Yes, I'm... Dr. Venkman.
Walter Peck: Exactly what are you a doctor of, Mr. Venkman?
Peter Venkman: Well, I have a PhD in Parapsychology and Psychology.
Walter Peck: I see. And now, you catch ghosts.
Peter Venkman: Yeah, you can say that.
Walter Peck: And how many ghosts have you caught, Mr. Venkman?
Peter Venkman: I'm not at liberty to say.
Walter Peck: And where do you put these ghosts, once you catch them?
Peter Venkman: Into a storage facility.
Walter Peck: And would the storage facility be located on these premises?
Peter Venkman: Yes.
Walter Peck: And may I see this storage facility?
Peter Venkman: No.
Walter Peck: And why not, Mr. Venkman?
Peter Venkman: Because you did not use the magic word.
Walter Peck: What is the magic word, Mr. Venkman?
Peter Venkman: "Please."
Walter Peck: May I please see the [chuckles] storage facility, Mr. Venkman?
Peter Venkman: Why do you want to see the storage facility?
Walter Peck: Well, because I'm curious. I want to know more about what you do here. Frankly, there have been a lot of wild stories in the media and we want to assess for any possible environmental impact from your operation. For instance, the presence of noxious, possibly hazardous waste chemicals in your basement. Now you either show me what is down there, or I come back with a court order.
Peter Venkman: You go get a court order, and I'll sue your ass for wrongful prosecution.
Walter Peck: You can have it your way, Mr. Venkman.

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[While in jail, the Ghostbusters are studying the blueprints of Dana's apartment building and uncover some startling facts]
Egon Spengler: The structure of this roof cap is exactly like the kind of telemetry tracker that NASA uses to identify dead pulsars in deep space.
Ray Stantz: Cold riveted girders...with cores of pure selenium.
Peter Venkman: [to jailbirds suddenly looking over the blueprints] Everybody getting this so far? So what? I guess they just don't make them like they used to, huh?
Ray Stantz: [slaps Venkman up the head] No. Nobody ever made them like this. I mean, the architect was either a certified genius or an authentic wacko.
Peter Venkman: Ray, pretend for a moment that I don't know anything about metallurgy, engineering, or physics, and just tell me what the Hell is going on.
Ray Stantz: You never studied. The whole building is a huge super-conductive antenna that was designed and built expressly for the purpose of pulling in and concentrating spiritual turbulence. Your girlfriend lives in the corner penthouse of Spook Central.
Peter Venkman: She's not my girlfriend. I find her interesting because she's a client and because she sleeps above her covers. Four feet above her covers. She barks, she drools, she claws--
Egon Spengler: It's not the girl, Peter, it's the building. Something terrible is about to enter our world, and this building is obviously the door. The architect's name was Ivo Shandor. I found it in Tobin's Spirit Guide. He was also a doctor. Performed a lot of unnecessary surgery. And then in 1920, he started a secret society.
Peter Venkman: Let me guess: Gozer worshippers?
Egon Spengler: Right.
Peter Venkman: [to Stantz, mockingly] "No studying."
Egon Spengler: After the First World War, Shandor decided that society was too sick to survive. [notices more jailbirds listening in] And he wasn't alone; he had close to a thousand followers when he died. They conducted rituals up on the roof, bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world, and now, it looks like it may actually happen.
Peter Venkman: [singing] ♪ So be good, for goodness sake! Whoa! Somebody's coming! Somebody's coming! ♪
Ray Stantz: We have to get out of here. We've gotta get a judge or something.
Winston Zeddemore: Hey, wait a minute! Hold it! Now, are we actually gonna go before a federal judge, and tell him that some moldy Babylonian god is gonna drop in on Central Park West and start tearing up the city?!
Egon Spengler: Sumerian, not Babylonian.
Peter Venkman: Yeah. Big difference.
Winston Zeddemore: No offense, but I gotta get my own lawyer.
Jail Guard: Okay, Ghostbusters. The mayor wants to see you guys. The whole island's going crazy. Let's go.
Peter Venkman: [to other jailbirds] I gotta split. The mayor wants to rap with me about some things.

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
Mayor: I got a city blowing up, and you guys are not giving me any answers!
Police Commissioner: All right. We're blocking the bridges, the roads. I mean--
Mayor's Aide: The Ghostbusters are here, Mr. Mayor.
Mayor: Ghostbusters. Okay, the Ghostbusters. Hey, and where's this Peck?
Walter Peck: I am Walter Peck, sir, and I'm prepared to make a full report. These men are consummate snowball artists. They use sensitive nerve gases to induce hallucinations. People think they're seeing ghosts, and they call these bozos, who conveniently show up to deal with the problem with a fake electronic light show.
Ray Stantz: Everything was fine with our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here.
Walter Peck: They caused an explosion!
Mayor: Is this true?
Venkman: Yes it's true. This man has no dick.
Walter Peck: Jeez! [charges at Venkman; everybody tries to pull them apart]
Police Sergeant: Break it up! Hey, break this up! Break it up!
Walter Peck: Alright, alright, alright!
Peter Venkman: Well, that's what I heard!
Mayor: This is City Hall! Now what am I gonna do here, John? What is this?
Fire Commissioner: All I know is that was no light show we saw this morning. I've seen every kind of combustion known to man, but this beats the Hell out of me.
Police Commissioner: The walls in the 53rd precinct were bleeding. How do you explain that?
Archbishop: [enters City Hall] Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Mayor: Oh, Your Eminence. [kisses Archbishop's ring]
Archbishop: How are you, Lenny?
Mayor Lenny: You're looking good, Mike. [gives Mike a friendly tap] We're in a real fix, here. What do you think I should do?
Mike: Lenny, officially, the Church will not take any position on the religious implications of these phenomena. Personally, Lenny, I think it's a sign from God. But don't quote me on that.
Peter Venkman: No, I think that's a smart move, Mike.
Mayor Lenny: Now, I'm not gonna call a press conference and tell everyone to start praying.
Winston Zeddemore: [clears throat] I'm, uh, Winston Zeddemore, Your Honor. I've only been with the company for a couple of weeks, but I gotta tell you: these things are real. Since I joined these men, I have seen shit that'll turn you white!
Peter Venkman: Well, you can believe Mr. Pecker...
Walter Peck: My name is "Peck."
Peter Venkman: ...or you could accept the fact that this city is headed for a disaster of biblical proportions.
Mayor Lenny: What do you mean, "biblical"?
Ray Stantz: What he means is Old Testament, Mr. Mayor. Real Wrath-of-God type stuff!
Peter Venkman: Exactly.
Ray Stantz: Fire and brimstone coming down from the skies! Rivers and seas boiling!
Egon Spengler: 40 years of darkness! Earthquakes, volcanoes!
Winston Zeddemore: The dead rising from the grave!
Peter Venkman: Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria!
Mayor Lenny: Enough, I get the point! And what if you're wrong?
Peter Venkman: If I'm wrong, then nothing happens! We go to jail; peacefully, quietly. We'll enjoy it! But if I'm right, and we can stop this thing... Lenny... you will have saved the lives of millions of registered voters. [Mayor slightly smiles and the Archbishop of New York nods in agreement]
Walter Peck: I don't believe you're seriously considering listening to these men.
Mayor: [contemplates; to officers while pointing at Peck] Get him outta here.
Peter Venkman: [waving] Bye.
Walter Peck: I'll fix you, Venkman. I'm gonna fix you!
Peter Venkman: I am going to send you a nice fruit basket. I'm gonna miss him!
Walter Peck: All right, all right!
Mayor Lenny: Alright, we've got work to do. Now what do you need from me?

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[Gozer materializes in front of the Ghostbusters in the form of a woman.]
Ray Stantz: It's a girl.
[Gozer pets the terror dogs]
Egon Spengler: It's Gozer.
Winston Zeddemore: I thought Gozer was a man.
Egon Spengler: It's whatever it wants to be.
Peter Venkman: Well, whatever it is, it's gotta get by us!
Ray Stantz: Right.
Peter Venkman: Go get her, Ray!
[Ray hesitates, but steps up]
Ray Stantz: Gozer the Gozerian? Good evening. As a duly-designated representative of the City, County and State of New York, I order you to cease any and all supernatural activity and return forthwith to your place of origin, or to the next convenient parallel dimension.
Peter Venkman: That oughta do it. Thanks very much, Ray.
Gozer the Gozerian: Are you a god?
Ray Stantz: [looks at Venkman, who nods] No.
Gozer the Gozerian: Then... DIIIIIIIIE! [sends the Ghostbusters sprawling with lightning bolts]
Winston Zeddemore: Ray, when someone asks you if you're a god, you say "YES!"
Peter Venkman: All right. This chick is toast! [the Ghostbusters march up to the temple] Got your stick?
Ghostbusters: [unhooking proton guns] Holding!
Peter Venkman: Heat 'em up!
Ghostbusters: [charging guns] Smoking!
Peter Venkman: Make 'em hard!
Ghostbusters: Ready!
Peter Venkman: Lets show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown. [Gozer growls] Throw it! [the Ghostbusters blast Gozer, and she flips across the temple.] Nimble little minx, isn't she?
Egon Spengler: We better go full-stream.
Ray Stantz: Aim for the flat top!
[the Ghostbusters blast again, and Gozer vanishes.]
Peter Venkman: Wasn’t so hard.
Ray Stantz: We neutralized it. You know what that means? A complete particle reversal.
Winston Zeddemore: And we had the tools, we had the talent!
Peter Venkman: It's Miller time!
[he and the Ghostbusters put their hands in middle]
Egon Spengler: [looking at PKE meter] Ray? This looks extraordinarily bad.
Ray Stantz: Oh, no.
Winston Zeddemore: What?
[an earthquake starts at the temple, and rocks fall.]
Egon Spengler: Look out!
[rocks continue to fall]
Gozer the Gozerian: Sub-creatures. Gozer the Gozerian, Gozer the Destructor, Volgus Zildrohar, the Traveler has come. Choose and perish.
Ray Stantz: What do you mean, choose? We don't understand.
Gozer the Gozerian: Choose. Choose the form of the Destructor.
Peter Venkman: Oh, I get it! I get it. Oh! Very cute. [to the others] "Whatever we think of." If we think of J. Edgar Hoover, J. Edgar Hoover will appear and destroy us, okay? So empty your heads. Empty your heads. Don't think of anything. We've only got one shot at this.
Gozer the Gozerian: The choice is made.
Peter Venkman: Whoa! Ho-ho-- Whoa!
Gozer the Gozerian: The Traveler has come.
Peter Venkman: Nobody "choosed" anything! [turns to Egon] Did you choose anything?
Egon Spengler: No.
Peter Venkman: [to Winston] Did you?!
Winston Zeddemore: My mind is totally blank.
Peter Venkman: I didn't choose anything! [All three slowly turn to confront Ray]
Ray Stantz: I couldn't help it. It just popped in there.
Peter Venkman: [sternly] What? What "just popped in there"?
Ray Stantz: I-- I-I tried to think--
Egon Spengler: LOOK! [They all look over one side of the roof]
Ray Stantz: No! It can't be!
Peter Venkman: What is it?
Ray Stantz: It can't be!
Peter Venkman: What did you do, Ray?!
Winston Zeddemore: Oh, shit!
[They all see a giant cubic white head topped with a sailor hat]
Ray Stantz: [resigned] It's the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
[The Ghostbusters watch the gigantic form of Mr. Stay-Puft stomping towards them]
Peter Venkman: Well, there's something you don't see every day.
Ray Stantz: I tried to think of the most harmless thing. Something I loved from my childhood, something that could never, ever possibly destroy us: Mr. Stay-Puft.
Peter Venkman: Nice thinkin', Ray.
Ray Stantz: We used to roast Stay Puft Marshmallows, on the fire at Camp Waconda. [Ray looks heartbroken]
Peter Venkman: Ray has gone bye-bye, Egon. What have you got left?
Egon Spengler: Sorry, Venkman. I'm terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought.
[the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man growls at the Ghostbusters]
Winston Zeddemore: [stunned] Oh, no.
Peter Venkman: Mother pus-bucket...! [Mr. Stay Puft growls and crushes a church] Nobody steps on a church in my town!
Ray Stantz: 1...2...3... Roast 'im! [he and the other Ghostbusters set Mr. Stay Puft on fire, and he starts climbing the building]
Peter Venkman: Whoa! [he and the other Ghostbusters hide]
Ray Stantz: Funny, us going out like this: Killed by a 100-foot Marshmallow Man.
Peter Venkman: We've been going about this all wrong. This Mr. Stay-Puft is okay. He's a sailor, he's in New York. We get this guy laid, we won't have any trouble.
[Mr. Stay-Puft continues climbing the building]
Egon Spengler: I have a radical idea. The door swings both ways. We could reverse the particle flow through the gate.
Ray Stantz: How?
Egon Spengler: [reluctantly] We'll cross the streams.
Peter Venkman: Excuse me, Egon, you said crossing the streams was bad.
Ray Stantz: Cross the streams...
Peter Venkman: You're gonna endanger us, you're gonna endanger our client. The nice lady who paid us in advance before she became a dog.
Egon Spengler: Not necessarily. There's definitely a very slim chance we'll survive. [team ponders]
Peter Venkman: I love this plan! I'm excited to be a part of it! Let's do it!
Winston Zeddemore: This job is definitely not worth $11,500 a year!
Ray Stantz: [almost gets crush by Mr. Stay-Puft's burning hand] Whoa!
Egon Spengler: Hurry!
Peter Venkman: See you on the other side, Ray. [fires his Proton steam]
Ray Stantz: Nice working with you, Dr. Venkman. [he fires his Proton stream, and he and Venkman cross the streams] Let's turn 'em on, Spengler! [Spengler and Zeddemore fire their Proton streams; Mr. Stay-Puft looks shocked] Cross 'em now, Spengler! [The four proton beams combine to make one big one, blasting right into the temple. The gates swing shut, and the Ghostbusters shout randomly]
Peter Venkman: Let's get out of here!
[the Ghostbusters stop firing and run away, as the Temple of Zuul explodes, as well as Mr. Stay-Puft.]

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[last lines]
Louis Tully: Boy, the superintendent's gonna be pissed.
Ray Stantz: Are you okay?
Louis Tully: Who are you guys?
Ray Stantz: We're the Ghostbusters.
Louis Tully: Who does your taxes?
[Venkman leads Dana away. Ray, Egon and Louis start to walk off.]
Ray Stantz: You know, Mr. Tully, you are a most fortunate individual.
Louis Tully: I know.
Ray Stantz: You have been a participant in the biggest inter-dimensional cross-rip since the Tunguska blast of 1909.
Louis Tully: It felt great.
Egon Spengler: We'd like to get a sample of your brain tissue.
Louis Tully: Okay.
Winston Zeddemore: [looks around] I love this town! Ha-ha!

	-- Ghostbusters - None
%
[Ray Stantz and Winston Zeddmore show up as children's party entertainers]
Dr. Raymond Stantz and Winston Zeddmore: [singing] If there's something strange in your neighborhood / who you gonna call?
Kids at party: He-Man! He-Man!

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[Peter Venkman hosts a new episode of his show, World of the Psychic]
Dr. Peter Venkman: Hi, welcome back to World of the Psychic, I'm Peter Venkman. I'm chatting with my guest, author, lecturer and psychic, Milton Anglund. Milt, your new book is called "The End of the World." Now can you tell us when it's going to be or do we have to buy the book?
Milton Auglund: Well I predict that the world will end at the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve.
Venkman: This year?
Auglund: Mm-hmm.
Venkman: Well that's cutting it a little bit close, isn't it? I mean, just from a sales point of view, I mean your book is just coming out, you're not gonna see any paperback sales for at least a year. It'll be at least another year before you know whether you've got that mini-series or movie of the week kind of possibilities. I mean just Devil's Advocate Milty! I mean shouldn't you have said: Hey the worlds going to end in 1992! Or better yet 1994!
Auglund: This is not just some money-making scheme! Alright! I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve. [begins to cry]
Venkman: Well, for your sake, I hope you're right. Okay. But I think my other guest may disagree with you. Elaine, now you had another date in mind?
Elaine: According to my source, the end of the world will be on February 14, in the year 2016.
Venkman: Valentine's Day. Bummer. Where did you get your date, Elaine?
Elaine: I received this information from an alien. As I told my husband, it was in the Paramus Holiday Inn, I was having a drink at the bar, alone, and this alien approached me. He started talking to me. He bought me a drink, and then I think he must have used some kind of a ray or a mind control device because he forced me to follow him to his room and that's where he told me about the end of the world.
Venkman: So your alien had a room at the Holiday Inn, Paramus.
Elaine: It might have been a room on the spacecraft made up to look like a room in the Holiday Inn. I can't be sure about that, Peter.
Venkman: [to audience] Of course not! And that is the whole problem with aliens; is you just can't trust them. Occasionally you meet a nice one; Starman, E.T., but usually they turn out to be some kind of big lizard. That's all the time we've got for this week on 'World of the Psychic'. Next week though . . . hairless pets. [holds up a hairless cat] Weird. Until then, this is Peter Venkman saying [puts a finger to his temple and sends out a thought to his viewers; laughs] See you then!

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[Dr. Venkman on the stand in the courtroom]
Prosecuter: Dr. Venkman, would you please tell the court why you and your co-defendants took it upon yourselves to dig a very big hole in the middle of 1st Avenue?
Dr. Peter Venkman: Well, there are so many holes in 1st Avenue, we really didn't think anyone would notice.
[most of the courtroom starts laughing]
Judge Wexler: [bangs his gavel twice] Keep that up, mister. I'll find you in contempt!
[slime briefly bubbles to Judge Wexler's remark]

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[two ghosts in electric chairs are attacking the court room as Judge Wexler admonishes the Ghostbusters over their work on First Avenue]
Judge Wexler: Oh my god! The Scoleri brothers!
Dr. Raymond Stantz: Friends of yours?
Judge Wexler: I tried 'em for murder! Gave 'em the chair! You've gotta do something!
Dr. Egon Spengler: Why don't you just tell them you don't believe in ghosts?

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[the Ghostbusters turn on their proton packs and sing]
Dr. Peter Venkman: Do.
Dr. Raymond Stanz: Re.
Dr. Egon Spengler: Egon. [Venkman and Stantz stare at him and he smiles back]

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[the Ghostbusters study a painting at the Metropolitan Museum of Art]
Dr. Egon Spengler: Vigo the Carpathian. Born 1505, died 1610.
Dr. Peter Venkman: 105 years old? He hung in there, didn't he?
Dr. Raymond Stantz: He didn't die of old age, either. He was poisoned, stabbed, shot, hung, stretched, disemboweled, drawn and quartered.
Venkman: Ouch.
Winston Zeddmore: Guess he wasn't too popular at the end, huh?
Spengler: No, not exactly a man of the people. Also known as Vigo the Cruel, Vigo the Torturer, Vigo the Despised, and Vigo the Unholy.
Venkman: Wasn't he also Vigo the Butch?
Stantz: And dig this, there was a prophecy. Just before his head died, his last words were "Death is but a door, time is but a window: I'll be back."

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[the NYPD is hands full receiving calls about the paranormal attacks all over the city, but one call...]
NYPD Officer: What? Wait a minute.. [to colleague] Lieutenant, you better talk to this guy.
NYPD Lieutenant: I'm busy here!
NYPD Officer: It's the dock supervisor down at Pier 34.
NYPD Lieutenant: What's the problem?
NYPD Officer: He said the Titanic just arrived.
Pier 34 Supervisor: [sees the Titanic at the moorings discharging passengers; to colleague] Well, better late than never!

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[Having received multiple reports of paranormal attacks over NYC, the mayor concludes he has no choice but to call the Ghostbusters, unaware that Hardemeyer has sent them to an insane asylum.]
Jack Hardemeyer: Wait! Uh... Now, I'm sure there's another way.
Mayor: Jack, I spent an hour last night in my bedroom talking to Fiorello LaGuardia, and he's been dead for forty years! [forceful tone] Now where are the Ghostbusters?

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[Having animated the Statue of Liberty with the special ectoplasm, the Ghostbusters pilot it down Manhattan on the way to the museum, with thousands of New Yorkers cheering them on.]
Dr. Egon Spengler: We're running out of time, Ray, it's almost midnight. Can't you make her go any faster?
Ray Stantz: I'm afraid the vibrations will shake her to pieces. We should have padded her feet!
Egon: I don't think they make Nikes in her size, Ray.
Dr. Peter Venkman: Don't worry, she's tough. She's a harbor chick!
[the statue stomps a police cruiser flat]
Ray: Sorry, my fault!

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
[Vigo's awesome power has paralyzed all of the Ghostbusters. He holds Oscar aloft.]
Vigo: Now we become one.
[Suddenly, singing is heard from outside]
Crowd: 'Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and ne'er brought to mind...'
Dr. Raymond Stanz: Where's that singing coming from?
Winston Zeddmore: The people outside!
[Vigo begins to roar in pain]
Crowd: 'If auld aquaintance be forgot, remember Auld Lang Syne!'
[They continue to sing. Vigo roars, his form becoming less tangible]
Dr. Egon Spengler: He's weakening! The singing is neutralizing the slime!
Stanz: I can move!
Spengler: He's back in the painting!

	-- Ghostbusters II - None
%
