Panama Hat: Small world Dr. Jones.
Indiana Jones: Too small for two of us.
[Panama Hat finds the Cross of Coronado in Indiana's pocket.]
Panama Hat: This is the second time I've had to reclaim my property from you.
Indiana Jones: That belongs in a museum!
Panama Hat: So do you!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
[Elsa notices a mural on the wall.]
Elsa Schneider: What's this one?
Indiana Jones: The Ark of the Covenant.
Elsa Schneider: Are you sure?
Indiana Jones: Pretty sure.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
Nazi Commander: [to Indiana Jones] You have the diary in your pocket.
Henry Jones: [laughs] You dolt! Do you really think my son is that stupid to bring my diary all the way back here? ... Y- you didn't, did you?... You didn't bring it, did you?
Indiana Jones: Well, uh...
Henry Jones: YOU DID...?
Indiana Jones: Look, can we discuss this later?
Henry Jones: I should have mailed it to the Marx Brothers!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
Indiana Jones: I came here to save you!
Henry Jones: Oh, yeah? Who's gonna come and save you, JUNIOR?
Indiana Jones: I TOLD YOU...
(He pauses to shoot several Nazis)
Indiana Jones: ... DON'T CALL ME JUNIOR!
(Henry is in shock)
Henry Jones:Look what you did! I can't believe what you did!
(Indy pulls him away)

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
[Indy and Henry have been captured, betrayed by Elsa]
Indiana Jones: How did you know she was a Nazi?
Henry Jones: She talks in her sleep.
[Indy looks in disbelief at Henry who gives a smug smile.]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
Walter Donovan: Brody sticks out like a sore thumb. We'll find him!
Indiana Jones: The hell you will! He's got a two-day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan. He speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom. He'll blend in — DISAPPEAR — you'll never see him again. With any luck... he's got the Grail already.
[Cut to Marcus in İskenderun]
Marcus Brody: Does anyone here speak English? Or even Ancient Greek?

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
(Indy and Henry ride to a crossroad on a motorbike and sidecar.)
Henry Jones Sr.: We're going the wrong way. We have to get to Berlin.
Indiana Jones: Brody's THIS way.
Henry: My diary's in Berlin.
Indiana: We don't NEED the diary, Dad. MARCUS HAS THE MAP!
Henry: There is more in the diary than JUST the map.
(Indy stops the motorbike's engine.)
Indiana: Alright, Dad. Tell me.
Henry: Well, he who finds the Grail, must face the final challenge.
Indiana: What final challenge?
Henry: Three devices of such lethal cunning.
Indiana: Booby traps?
Henry: Oh yes! But I found the clues that will safely take US through, in the chronicles of Saint Anselm.
Indiana: Well, what are they? [Henry Sr. tries to recall] Can't you remember?
Henry: I wrote them down in my diary, so that I wouldn't HAVE to remember them.
Indiana: Half the German Army's on our tail, and you want me to go to Berlin? Into the lion's den?
Henry: Yes! The only thing that matters, is the Grail.
Indiana: What about Marcus?
Henry: Marcus would AGREE with me.
Indiana: Two selfless martyrs, Jesus Christ- [Henry Sr. slaps Indy]
Henry: That's for blasphemy! The quest for the Grail is not archaeology; it's a race against evil! If it is captured by the Nazis, the armies of darkness will march all over the face of the Earth! Do you understand me?
Indiana: This is an OBSESSION, Dad! I never understood it. NEVER! Neither did Mom.
Henry: [clearly hurt] Oh yes she did. Only too well. Unfortunately, she kept her illness from me. Until all I could do was mourn her.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
Indiana Jones: Shooting me won't get you anywhere.
Walter Donovan: You know something, Doctor Jones? You're absolutely right. [shoots Henry]
Jones: Dad? Dad?!
Henry Jones Sr.: Junior...
Elsa Schneider: No!
Donovan: GET BACK! [Indiana sets his father down on the floor; Sallah gives him a handkerchief to suppress the blood flow; Indiana, infuriated, turns to face Donovan] You can't save him when you're dead. The healing power of the Grail is the only thing that can save your father now. It's time to ask yourself what you believe.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
Sallah: Please — what is always with this "Junior"?
Henry Jones Sr.: That's his name: "Henry Jones, Junior."
Indiana Jones: I like "Indiana."
Henry Jones: We named the dog Indiana.
Marcus Brody: May we go home now, please?
Sallah: The dog? You are named after the dog? [laughs]
Indiana: [coldly] I've got a lot of fond memories with that dog.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - None
%
Willie Scott: Aren't you going to introduce us?
Lao Che: This is Willie Scott. This is Indiana Jones, famous archaeologist.
Willie Scott: Well, I always thought archaeologists were always funny little men searching for their mommies.
Indiana Jones: Mummies.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Obi Wan Nightclub. Lao Che and his sons are sitting at the opposite end of a table from Indy, who has taken Willie hostage with a large fork. Lao Che offers some gold and silver coins to Indy on the table's turnstile, who rejects them.]
Indiana Jones: The diamond, Lao. The deal was for the diamond.
Lao Che spins over a large diamond and a martini.
Willie: [tales the diamond out and stares at it in glee] Oh, Lao...! [yelps as Indy jabs her with the fork, making her drop the diamond into his hand.]
Indy: To your very good health. [attempts to take a drink from the martini, Willie elbows him]
Willie: Lao, he put a hole-- he put two holes in my dress from Paris!
Lao: [Angrily] Sit down! [Willie obeys] Now... you bring me Nurhachi.
Indy: My pleasure. [beckons to his assistant, disguised as a waiter]
Willie Scott: Who on earth is this "Nurhachi"?
Indy: Here he is.
Willie: [watches as the small urn is given to Lao] This Nurhachi's a real small guy...
Lao Che: Inside are the remains of Nurhachi- first Emperor of Manchu Dynasty!
Indiana Jones: Welcome home, old boy.
[Indy sips his martini. Lao Che and his sons laugh diabolically.]
Lao Che: And now, you give me the diamond.
Indiana Jones: [tugging at his collar as though in discomfort] Are you trying to develop a sense of humor, or am I going deaf?
[Lao Che holds up a vial of blue liquid, still chuckling.]
Willie: What's that?
Lao Che: Antidote.
Indy: [Suddenly tense] To what?
Lao: The poison you just drank, Dr. Jones! [continues to laugh]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
(Indy is being poisoned)
Kao Kan: (taunting) Too much to drink, Dr. Jones?
(He and Lao Che laugh evilly)

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[When they need to escape from Lao Che's men]
Short Round: Wow! Holy smokes! Crash landing!
Indiana Jones: Short Round, step on it!
Short Round: Okey-Dokey Dr. Jones! Hold on to your potatoes!
Willie Scott: For cryin' out loud, there's a KID drivin' the car!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Indy reaches down Willie's cleavage for the antidote bottle]
Willie Scott: Oh, I'm not that kind of girl!
Short Round: Hey, Dr. Jones, no time for love! We got company!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Webber: Ah, Dr. Jones. I'm Earl Webber. I spoke with your assistant and managed to secure three seats, but there might be a slight inconvenience as you will be riding on a cargo full of live poultry.
Willie Scott: Is he kidding?!
Earl: Madam, it's the best I could do on such short notice! [recognizes Willie] Heavens, aren't you Willie Scott, the famous American female vocalist?
[Willie, Short Round, and Indy board airplane]
Indiana Jones: [to Webber as they shake hands] I owe you a gin. [laughes as he spots Lao Che arrive too late to stop him] Nice try, Lao Che!
[Indiana slams plane door which says "LAO CHE AIR FREIGHT". Lao Che and his lackey grin.]
Lao Che: [cackling] Goodbye, Dr. Jones.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Willie Scott: [sees Indy in his traditional outfit] So what are you supposed to be, a lion tamer?
Indiana Jones: I'm allowing you to tag along so why don't you give your mouth a rest, okay doll?
Willie Scott: What do you mean, "tag along"? Ever since you got into my club you haven't been able to take your eyes off me!
Indiana Jones: Oh, yeah? [places his fedora over his eyes and falls asleep]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Pilot and co-pilot walk past sleeping Willie, Short Round and Indy. However, the chickens are awake and make noises, jostling Willie, who sees the door is ajar]
Pilot: Goodbye!
[Suddenly the plane stalls. Lao Che's pilots let out the fuel and left using parachutes. Willie awakens to find no one is in the cockpit.]
Willie Scott: Oh, no... Oh, no...! [to a sleeping Indy] Oh, Mister! Mister, please wake up!
Short Round: You call him Dr. Jones, DOLL!
Willie Scott: Right- Dr. Jones? Dr. Jones, oh please wake up!
Indiana Jones: [wakes] Are we there already? Oh, good.
Willie Scott: No!
Indiana Jones: Huh?
Willie Scott: [shows Indy the empty cockpit] No one's flying the plane!
Indiana Jones: Oh boy.
Willie Scott: They've all gone! [Indy jumps into the pilot's seat] You know how to fly don't you?
Indiana Jones: ... No, do you? [hopeful]
Willie Scott: Oh, my God... I'm gonna faint...
Indiana Jones: How hard could it be?

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Short Round: What is Shankara?
Indiana Jones: Fortune and glory, kid. Fortune and glory.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Indiana Jones is forced to drink the blood of Kali]
Short Round: Dr. Jones! Don't drink it! It's bad! Spit it out! [Indiana spits the blood in Mola Ram's face]
Mola Ram: You dare not do that! [Barks a command to his thugee who has an assistant use a voodoo-doll of Jones]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Willie Scott: [riding backwards on an elephant] I can't go to Delhi like this!
Indiana Jones: We're not going to Delhi. We're going to Pankot Palace.
Willie Scott: Pankot?! I can’t go to Pankot! I’m a singer!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Willie Scott: Oh, what big birds!
Indiana Jones: Those aren't big birds, sweetheart! They're giant vampire bats!
Willie Scott: [whispering] Bats?

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Indy and Shorty are playing poker; Willie is screaming and running away from numerous animals]
Indiana Jones: Biggest trouble with her is the noise.
Short Round: Hey! You cheat, Doctor Jones! You cheat! You took four cards!
[Willie is scared by an iguana]
Indiana Jones: It's a mistake.
Short Round: No stuck! No mistake!
Indiana Jones: They were stuck together! It was a MISTAKE!
Short Round: I am very little, you cheat very big!
[Willie is scared by an owl; Indy finds an ace card hidden in Shorty's sleeve]
Indiana Jones: Look at this. Look at THIS. You accuse me of cheating?! YOU'RE CHEATING!
[The two argue in Chinese]
Short Round: You make me poor! No fun! Playing with you no fun!
Indiana Jones: All right, fine. I quit.
Short Round: I quit too.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Short Round: [as Indiana examines a foreboding statue] Dr. Jones, what you look at?
Indiana Jones: [not wanting Shorty to see the dreadful sight] Don't come up here.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Willie is impressed by the wealth of Pankot Palace and wonders about the Maharajah]
Willie Scott: Mr. Lal? What do they call the Maharajah's wife?
Chattar Lal: Well, his Highness has not yet taken a wife.
Willie Scott: How interesting- well, ah, maybe it's because he hasn't found the right woman.
Chattar Lal: The supreme highness, guardian of Pankot tradition, the Maharajah of Pankot, Zalim Singh.
[Maharajah enters dining room, revealing that he is a minor]
Willie Scott: [irate] That's the maharajah? A KID?
Short Round: Maybe he like older women.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[a plate full of beetles is passed around the table]
Large Guest: What, you are not eating?
Willie Scott: I had bugs for lunch. [holds her hand out to Shorty] Give me your hat.
Short Round: [slowly hands it to her] ...Why?
Willie Scott: Because I'm gonna puke in it! [Shorty manages to wrestle it back]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
(Indy and Shorty are exploring a cavern)
Short Round: I stepped on something.
Indiana Jones: Yes there's something on the ground.
Short Round: Feels like I step on fortune cookie!
Indiana Jones: It's not fortune cookies. Let me take a look.
[Indy lights a lighter to find bugs crawling all over the place]
Short Round: (as a scorpion-like bug crawls on his leg) That no cookie!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Indy and Shorty are trapped in a death room as the ceiling slowly descends]
Indiana Jones: Willie! Get in here!
Willie:[in her bedroom] (grumbles): I bet I'm gonna get all dirty again.
Indiana Jones: Willie! Willie, we're in trouble!
Willie: [outside hallway] Trouble? What sort of... [sees two corpses on the wall and screams]
[Spikes begin to come from the ceiling]
Indiana Jones: THIS IS SERIOUS!!!
Willie Scott: There are two dead people down here!
Indiana Jones: There are gonna be two dead people in here! Hurry!
Willie Scott: I've almost had enough of you two!
Indiana Jones: WILLIE!
Willie Scott: What's the rush?
Indiana Jones: It's a long story, Willie, hurry or you don't get to hear it!
Willie Scott: [Unknowingly enters the bug room] Ooh, God. What is this? Indy, what is this? I can't see a thing!
Indiana Jones: Hurry!
Willie Scott [Lights a lantern] All right! Oh, I broke a nail. [Turns her hand over to see the ugly bug on it]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[After Willie realizes she is in a room filled with an uncountable amount of bugs]
Short Round: Hurry, Willie!
Willie Scott: They're in my hair!
Indiana Jones: [Places a skull in the gear mechanism] Aw, shut up, Willie!
Willie Scott: Indy, let me in!
Short Round: No, let us out!
Willie Scott: Let me in!
Short Round: Let us out!
Indiana Jones: SHUT UP!
Willie Scott: I'm down here! They're all over me! Let me in!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Indiana Jones: There's got to be a fulcrum release lever somewhere!
Willie Scott: A what?!
Indiana Jones: A handle that opens the door!
Willie Scott: [holding a candle to the holes] They're two, just square holes!
Indiana Jones: Go to the right hole!
Short Round: Hurry, Willie!
[Willie almost puts her hand into the hole on her left when Indy's hand comes out and grabs hers]
Indiana Jones: The other one, the other right. YOUR OTHER RIGHT.
Willie Scott: There's slime inside! I can't do it!
Indiana Jones: You can do it- feel inside!
[Willie illuminates the hole and sees hundreds of bugs]
Willie Scott: YOU FEEL INSIDE!
Indiana Jones: [sticks his fist through the hole] DO IT NOW!!!
Willie Scott: OKAY!!!
[Willie slowly begins to push her hand through the hole]
Indiana Jones: [panicking] Willie, WE ARE GOING TO DIE!!!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Willie Scott: You're gonna get killed chasing after your damn fortune and glory!
Indiana Jones: Maybe. But not today.

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
[Indy is brought before Mola Ram]
Mola Ram: You were caught trying to steal the Sankara Stones. There were five stones in the beginning. Over the centuries, they were dispersed by wars, sold off by thieves like you.
Indiana Jones: Thieves like me, huh? Ha! You're still missing two.
Mola Ram: A century ago, when the British raided this temple and butchered my people, a loyal priest hid the last two stones down here in the catacombs.
Indiana Jones: So that's what you've got these slaves digging for? They're innocent children.
Mola Ram: They dig for the gems to support our cause. They also search for the last two stones. Soon we will have all the five Sankara Stones, and the Thuggees will be all-powerful.
Indiana Jones: What a vivid imagination.
Mola Ram (laughs as Short Round struggles to rip free from his captor): You don't believe me? You will, Dr. Jones. You will become a true believer.
(He and Indy laugh and the big Thuggee arrives in front of Indy)

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Willie Scott: Indy. Now let's get out of here.
Indiana Jones: Right. All of us. [sets about freeing the child slaves]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Indiana Jones: Let them go, Mola Ram!
Mola Ram: You are in a position unsuitable to give orders!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Indiana Jones: [threatening to drop the Sankara stones off of a high rope bridge] You want the stones, let them go! LET THEM GO!!!!
Mola Ram: [laughs] Drop them, Dr. Jones! They will be found! YOU WON'T!

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Short Round: Hang on, lady. We going for a ride.
Willie Scott: [sees Indy raising his sword, about to cut the rope bridge down] Oh, my GOD! Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my GOD, is he nuts?!
Short Round: He no nuts, he's crazy!
Indiana Jones: Mola Ram, prepare to meet Kali... IN HELL!
[chops the bridge in half]

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Willie Scott: You could've kept it.
Indiana Jones: Ah, what for? They'd just put it in the museum, it'd be another rock collecting dust.
Willie Scott: But then it would have given you your fortune and glory.
Indiana Jones: Anything can happen. It's a long way to Delhi.
Willie Scott: No, thanks. No more adventures with you, Doctor Jones.
Indiana Jones: Sweetheart, after all the fun we've had together?
Willie Scott: If you think I'm going to Delhi with you, or anyplace else after all the trouble you've gotten me into, think again, buster! I'm going home to Missouri where they never feed you snakes before ripping your heart out and lowering you into hot pits! This is NOT my idea of a swell time! [to native] Excuse me sir? I need a guide to Delhi. If you could--
[Indy snaps his whip around Willie's waist and pulls her back; the two are about to kiss until Shorty's elephant blasts them both with water]
Short Round: Very funny! Very funny!
The Making of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Empire (Oct 9 2012)

	-- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - None
%
Belloq: Dr. Jones. Again, we see there is nothing you can possess which I cannot take away. And you thought I'd given up. [Indy reaches for his gun, but pauses and hands over his gun when the warriors draw back their weapons.] You chose the wrong friends. This time it will cost you.
Jones: Too bad the Hovitos don't know you the way I do, Belloq. [Indy hands over the prized idol.]
Belloq: Yes, too bad. You could warn them...if only you spoke Hovitos.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Maj. Eaton: Dr. Jones, we've heard a great deal about you.
Jones: Have you?
Maj. Eaton: Professor of Archaeology, expert on the occult and...how does one say it? Obtainer of rare antiquities.
Jones: That's one way of saying it. Why don't you sit down? You'll be more comfortable.
Col. Musgrove: Thank you. Yes, you're a man of many talents. Now, you studied under Professor Ravenwood at the University of Chicago?
Jones: Yes, I did.
Maj. Eaton: And you have no idea of his present whereabouts? [Indy and Marcus exchange a look]
Jones: Ah, just rumors, really. Somewhere in Asia, I think. I haven't spoken to him for ten years; we were friends but...we had a bit of a falling out, I'm afraid.
Col. Musgrove: Dr. Jones, you must understand this is all strictly confidential. Yesterday afternoon, our European sections intercepted a... a German communiqué that was sent from Cairo to Berlin. Now, to Cairo--
Maj. Eaton: See, over the last two years, the Nazis have had teams of archaeologists running around the world looking for all kinds of religious artifacts. Hitler's a nut on the subject. He's crazy. He's obsessed with the occult. And right now, apparently, there's some kind of German archaeological dig going on in the desert outside of Cairo.
Col. Musgrove: Now we've got some information here, but we can't make anything out of it, and maybe you can. [he reads the communiqué] Tanis development proceeding. Acquire headpiece, Staff of Ra, Abner Ravenwood, U.S.
Jones: The Nazis have discovered Tanis.
Maj. Eaton: Just what does that mean to you, uh, Tanis?
Brody: Well, it-- [Jones interrupts him]
Jones: The city of Tanis is one the possible resting places of the Lost Ark.
Col. Musgrove: The Lost Ark?
Jones: Yeah, the Ark of the Covenant. The chest the Hebrews used to carry around the Ten Commandments.
Maj. Eaton: What do you mean, 'commandments'? You're talking about the Ten Commandments?
Jones: Yes, the actual Ten Commandments. The original stone tablets Moses brought down from Mount Horeb and smashed, if you believe in that sort of thing. Either of you guys ever go to Sunday school?
Col. Musgrove: Well, I--
Jones: Oh, look. The Hebrews took the broken pieces and put them in the Ark. When they settled in Canaan, they put the Ark in a place called the Temple of Solomon.
Brody: In Jerusalem.
Jones: Where it stayed for many years. Until, all of a sudden, whoosh, it's gone.
Maj. Eaton: Where?
Jones: Well, nobody knows where or when.
Brody: However, an Egyptian pharaoh--
Jones: Shishak.
Brody: Yes... invaded the city of Jerusalem around about 980 B.C., and he may have taken the Ark back to the city of Tanis and hidden it in a secret chamber called the Well of Souls.
Maj. Eaton: Secret chamber?
Brody: However, about a year after the pharaoh had returned to Egypt, the city of Tanis was consumed by the desert in a sandstorm that lasted a whole year. Wiped clean by the wrath of God. [the agents exchange looks]
Col. Musgrove: Obviously, we've come to the right men. Now, you seem to know, uh, all about this Tanis, then.
Jones: No, no, not really. Ravenwood's the real expert. Abner did the first serious work on Tanis. Collected some of its relics. It was his obsession. But he never found the city.
Maj. Eaton: Frankly, we're somewhat suspicious of Mr. Ravenwood. An American being mentioned so prominently in a secret Nazi cable.
Brody: Oh, rubbish. Ravenwood's no Nazi.
Col. Musgrove: Well, what do the Nazis want him for, then?
Jones: Well, obviously, the Nazis are looking for the headpiece to the Staff of Ra and they think Abner's got it.
Maj. Eaton: What exactly is a headpiece to the Staff of Ra?
Jones: Well a staff is just a stick. [gestures with his hands to convey the length of the staff] I don't know, about this big, nobody really knows for sure how high... and it's... [he draws a diagram on a blackboard] It's capped with an elaborate headpiece in the shape of the sun with a crystal in the center. And what you did was, you take the staff to a special room in Tanis, a map room with a miniature of the city all laid out on the floor, and if you put the staff in a certain place, at a certain time of day, the sun shone through here — and made a beam that came down on the floor here. And gave you the exact location of the Well of the Souls.
Col. Musgrove: Where the Ark of the Covenant was kept, right?
Jones: That's exactly what the Nazis are looking for.
Maj. Eaton: What does this Ark look like?
Jones: There's a picture of it right here. [he opens a Bible to show the image of the Israelites holding the Ark above them. There are great jets of light emanating from the Ark piercing the ranks of the opposing army surrounding them, representing them in various states of agony or death.] That's it.
Maj. Eaton: Good God!
Brody: Yes, that's just what the Hebrews thought.
Col. Musgrove: Uh, now, what's that supposed to be coming out of there?
Jones: Lightning ... fire ... power of God or something.
Maj. Eaton: I'm beginning to understand Hitler's interest in this.
Brody: Oh, yes. The Bible speaks of the Ark leveling mountains and laying waste to entire regions. An army which carries the Ark before it ... is invincible.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Brody: Marion's the least of your worries right now, believe me, Indy...Well, I mean, for nearly three thousand years, man has been searching for the lost Ark. That's not something to be taken lightly. No one knows its secrets. It's like nothing you've ever gone after before.
Jones: Oh, Marcus, what are you trying to do? Scare me? You sound like my mother. We've known each other for a long time. I don't believe in magic, a lot of superstitious hocus-pocus. I'm going after a find of incredible historical significance. You're talking about the boogie-man. Besides, you know what a cautious fellow I am. [he throws his gun into his packed belongings just in case.]

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Jones: Hello, Marion.
Marion: Indiana Jones. Always knew someday you'd come walkin' back through my door. I never doubted that. Something made it inevitable. So what are you doing here in Nepal?
Jones: I need one of the pieces your father collected.
[As he turns away, she unleashes a solid right to his jaw]
Marion: I learned to hate you in the last ten years.
Jones: I never meant to hurt you.
Marion: I was a child. I was in love. It was wrong and you knew it!
Jones: You knew what you were doin'.
Marion: Now I do. This is my place. Get out!

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Jones: Belloq.
Belloq: Good afternoon, Dr. Jones.
Jones: I ought to kill you right now.
Belloq: Not a very private place for a murder.
Jones: Well, these guys don't care if we kill each other. They're not going to interfere in our business.
Belloq: It was not I who brought the girl into this business. Please, sit down before you fall down. We can at least behave like civilized people. :[Indy then sits down while the monkey then crawls off his shoulder.] I see your taste in friends remains consistent. How odd that it should end this way for us, after so many stimulating encounters. I almost regret it. Where shall I find a new adversary so close to my own level?
Jones: Try the local sewer.
Belloq: You and I are very much alike. Archaeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the purer faith. Out methods have not differed as much as you pretend. I am a shadowy reflection of you. It would take only a nudge to make you like me, to push you out of the light.
Jones: Now you're getting nasty.
Belloq: You know it's true. How nice. Look at this. [holds out a pocket watch.] It's worthless. Ten dollars from a vendor in the street. But I take it, I bury it in the sand for a thousand years, it becomes priceless...like the Ark. Men will kill for it. Men like you and me.
Jones: What about your boss, der Führer? I thought he was waiting to take possession.
Belloq: All in good time. When I am finished with it. Jones, do you realize what the Ark is? It's a transmitter. It's a radio for speaking to God. And it's within my reach.
Jones: You want to talk to God? Let's go see Him together. I've got nothing better to do.
[Indy prepares to fight; Belloq's men train guns on him, but a crowd of children hurries in to escort him away]
Belloq: Next time, Dr. Jones, it'll take more than children to save you.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
[Indy and Sallah are peering down upon opening the Well of Souls]
Sallah: Indy, why does the floor move?
Jones: Give me your torch.
[Indy takes the torch and drops it in revealing hundreds of snakes all over the floor of the Well of Souls]
Jones: Snakes. Why'd it have to be snakes?
Sallah: Asps... very dangerous. You go first.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Belloq: [looking down at Indy in the Well of Souls] Hello! Hello! Why, Dr. Jones, whatever are you doing in such a nasty place?
Jones: Why don't you come on down here, I'll show ya.
Belloq: Thank you, my friend, but I think we are all very comfortable up here. Yes, indeed. We are all very quite comfortable up here. So once again, Jones, what was briefly yours is now mine. What a fitting end to your life's pursuits. You're about to become a permanent addition to this archaeological find. Who knows? In a thousand years, even you may be worth something.
Jones: [laughs] Son of a bitch!
Belloq: I'm afraid we must be going now, Dr. Jones.
Dietrich: Our prize is awaited in Berlin. Yes...we are finished here with everything. But we do not wish to leave you down in that awful place...all alone.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Jones: I'm going after that truck.
Sallah: How?
Jones: I don't know, I'm making this up as I go.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Marion: You're not the man I knew ten years ago.
Jones: It's not the years, honey; it's the mileage.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Jones: Hello! [Indy is aiming a grenade launcher at the Ark from a ridge above]
Belloq: Jones? Jones!
Jones: I'm gonna blow up the Ark, René!
Belloq: Your persistence surprises even me. You're going to give mercenaries a bad name.
Col. Dietrich: Dr. Jones. Surely you don't think you can escape from this island?
Jones: That depends on how reasonable we're all willing to be! All I want is the girl!
Col. Dietrich: If we refuse?
Jones: Then your Führer has no prize.
Belloq: [Ordering the soldiers] Okay, stand back. All of you, stand back. Get back. [to Jones] Okay, Jones. You win. Blow it up. [some soldiers move in the way of the Ark, but Belloq holds a machine gun to them and they move back] Yes, blow it up! Blow it back to God. All your life has been spent in pursuit of archaeological relics. Inside the Ark are treasures beyond your wildest aspirations. You want to see it open as well as I. Indiana, we are simply passing through history. This... [gestures to the Ark] This is history. Do as you will. [Indy lowers the grenade launcher and four soldiers appear above him]

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Brody: Where is the Ark?
Maj. Eaton: I thought we'd settled that. The Ark is somewhere very safe.
Jones: From whom?
Brody: The Ark is a source of unspeakable power and it has to be researched!
Maj. Eaton: And it will be, I assure you, Doctor Brody, Doctor Jones. We have top men working on it right now.
Jones: Who?!
Maj. Eaton: Top... men.

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
Marion: Hey, what happened? You don't look very happy.
Jones: Fools. Bureaucratic fools!
Marion: What'd they say?
Jones: They don't know what they've got there.
Marion: Well, I know what I've got here. Come on. I'll buy you a drink. You know, a drink?
Kasdan: And he was forty-two.
Lucas: He hasn’t seen her in twelve years. Now she’s twenty-two. It’s a real strange relationship.
Spielberg: She had better be older.
Kasdan: What does she call him, Indy?
Lucas: That’s what I was thinking. Or Jones.Raiders of the Lost Ark Brainstorming Session [1]

	-- Raiders of the Lost Ark - None
%
